If I hadn't saved you
If I hadn't exposed Bai Tianyu's identity
Do you still feel stupid?
I didn't expect your closet to be so good after supper
Why didn't you tell me before?
Even if I said it, would you believe it?
Because one is Snow Kiln's grandfather
One is the mother of the snow kiln
I will be like Xueyao
Treat you like your elders
But that's about it.
Good bye
I'm so confused
I missed the chance to make Bai Jia soar into the sky
Hey
It's all your fault, it's all your fault
Keep talking bad things in front of me
Hey, Uncle Zhang, are you looking for me?
Thank you for coming to school with me today
Uncle Zhang is polite
Uncle Zhang, you came to me today
Not just for this
After what happened today?
You must be slowly becoming satisfied with your identity
I don't think so.
It's time to tell him the truth
I can't do that.